IAM:-

Policy
Create a policy to access all objects in a specific bucket.
Create a policy to access only 2 objects in a specific bucket.
Create a policy to deny access to Specific buckets.
Create a policy to create the user only and can attach a policy to them.
Create a policy to place the user in a group only.
Policy to get "read" access of all users, and groups but not policy.
Policy to get access to billing, ec2, and Cloudwatch.
How to give access only to northern Virginia.

Add 4 users >> 2 groups (devops & cloud) >> cloud member will access their password will only no & devops group there no will password standards
>> cloud group SE3 full access % other EC2 full access >> Devops EC2 full access in north virginia.
Create a policy like when users are logged into the console, Without MFA not a single IAM user is able to access any AWS kind of AWS services, he gots a permission denied error.
Create a resource-based policy and attach it to the S3_B16 Bucket & only sunny user can able to access that bucket.


User:-
Add four different users to the organization account.
Add one user without permission.
Add a user with a console & programmatic user.
If IAM users are created w/o password, then how can you set the password of that IAM user as an Admin. (W/O deleting user)
Add User Without Any Permission (permission denied)
S3 Read-Only Access
Jarvis Admin Access
Add User with Programmatic Access
.

Group:-

S3:-
Implement MFA on Bucket when users are going to delete any objects, then he needs Approval from MFA Code.
Create a Bucket with cli commands & upload the object from cli mode.
Complete one project with server-less static website hosting, with deployment & after-deployment management of the website in the backend side. Make a proper document of that project.

2. Cross-account bucket share —IMP
3  Create cross-account replication
4. Create cross-account inventory
Difference between Block storage & Object Storage?
Difference between a static website & dynamic website?
What are the naming rules?
What is the major resource of S3 Bucket?
Why do we need to host static websites instead of dynamic websites?
What is versioning & Why do we need versioning?
What are the objects and types of objects that we are uploading into the S3 Bucket?
Why is MFA Delete important in the S3 Bucket object level?
What is S3 Multipart upload?
What are the storage classes in Amazon S3 ?   —------------------- IMP
What is ACL?
Why do we need ACL?
What is a Life cycle policy? Why do we need to use the life cycle rule?
How can we make our bucket public?
How can we give the public access to our bucket?
Aws pricing factor of the S3 Service.
How can we make our object public?
How can we configure the static website logs in s3?
What is CORS?
What is the S3 Inventory?
What does it mean by Requester pays?
What is the secondary word to Transfer acceleration? why do we need to use this transfer acceleration?
